[music]
>> Peter, welcome to Open AI. Thanks for
having me. We've known each other online
now for many years, uh but I'm so happy
to finally get the chance to spend more
time with you in person. Likewise.
Beautiful office, by the way. Thank you.
Thank you. You had a crazy couple weeks.
We first had the idea of doing a video
video together a month ago. If we had
done it then, I would have had to intro
you. I guess you don't even need an
intro anymore. Uh it's not often that an
open source project makes the Wall
Street Journal. No. Uh so, congrats on
all the success. How are you feeling?
Slightly sensor overload on all points.
But also, you know, when I when I
started out this year, I
messing with the AI, I wanted to like
inspire people, and I feel like this is
the final form.
>> [laughter]
>> So, I'm I'm I'm proud. It's been
amazing. You've been in SF for the past
week, uh and you attended some events
like the Codex hackathon, but you also
had Claw Con, like an event dedicated to
Open Claw. Well, it also was created by
the community.
>> Yes. I created this Discord channel
about meetups after people were like,
"We need to have a meetup." Then I'm
like,
"Sure."
And then I came to Claw Con, and there
were like a thousand people,
and I was just blown away by like
the creativity, the
the
the colors, like there were so many
things, so many people excited. I mean,
that's how you realize that you've built
something magical. Like the project did
not even exist a few weeks ago, and now
you have like thousands of people
embracing it, using it, gathering to
meet you in SF. It's pretty incredible.
>> Even in Vietnam next week, we have like
already 300 people.
And it's by far not as much of a tech
scene Wow. as as San Francisco. It's now
worldwide, so now it's a phenomenon.
>> Yeah, that's amazing that
that this
reaches different continents, different
cultures. Indeed. And And so, how has
the conversation been with like the
community here? You spent time with the
community, some of the maintainers also
that you've kind of like brought into
your project.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Um how has that been for you
this week? It's been quite something.
Yeah. Um
a lot of people love it.
A lot of people
have this expectation of this
enterprise-ready final product.
When for me for the longest time it was
like my my little playground. I mean,
the whole year I'm just marveling at
what's possible now. If you're a
builder, this is like what a time to be
alive. Yeah. What What do you think is
the most interesting thing about
building like actually building and
being a builder at this moment in time?
Like It's a very interesting time where
like the entire tool chain is changing.
>> Yeah. The definition of what it is to be
a developer is also changing. And anyone
can build anything. When I When I
started
playing with with this new tech,
I got a dopamine hit every time
I didn't I started with Cloud Code
when it got something right. And it was
like maybe 30% or 40% chance, but I To
me it was like
like literally mind-blowing because
I had this realization that now I can
just build anything.
And it I'm You know, usually you're so
time-constrained because software is
hard.
And software is still hard, but
you're so much faster now. I agree. Uh
so, if we take um a few years back maybe
and rewind a little bit. So, you I got
first got to know your work back I think
in 2011 or 2012 when you built PSPDFKit.
>> Yeah. And from the outside, it's
interesting because it feels like you've
achieved a dream of every developer. You
kind of saw a problem, you created a a
great solution for it, you built a
company around it, you scaled it, you
sold it. But I'm sure that journey is
never that easy. I mean, I didn't wake
up one day and thought
I'm going to build a PDF framework. That
is like
minus 100 on my interest list.
Uh so, it kind of kind of just happened.
Like
a weird butterfly effect from being at
the Nokia development days to having
friends that needed it
uh and an American visa taking too long
kind of
emerged to me creating a company. What I
find interesting is like after that
company uh you you built, you kind of
took a break for a little while. Yeah.
So, what brought you back? At the end I
I was just really burned out. Like I was
running on
high steam for seven years. Running a
company is hard. Being a founder is
hard. It's and I also didn't really with
my first one. So, I didn't really had uh
the knowledge
how to
how to mitigate those things. So, I was
just burning a bit too bright
and I needed to decompress. So, I still
follow the tech news. I I saw I think
the very early things of GPT engineer,
whatever it was called of Chat GPT and I
was like, "Yeah, that was kind of cool,
but
didn't really excite me. It's
you always have to experience new
technology. Just by reading from it
doesn't really convey the power. Mhm.
So, so you know, that tech didn't really
click and only when I was ready, when I
felt the need for like, "Okay, I I'm
going to build something again."
And then I
I didn't want to build it in Apple tech
anymore cuz I I'd done this for such a
long time and
the world kind of moved on a little bit,
you know? You need to
things need to be built first.
And I I kind of had the hinge back then,
but it's so hard when you go from
when you're such an expert in one field
and you move to another field
hard is even the wrong word. It's it's
more like painful. Mhm. Cuz then you're
you're
you have all this this broad knowledge
of how to build things
but
to really do that without
a genetic engineering, you need to
still learn a lot to to move your
knowledge over.
And then I thought like uh let's let's
check out what this AI stuff is.
The moment where it blew my mind was I
took this project that was halfway done
that where I just
yeah, burned out before finishing it
basically. It's often the case that like
for us developers, we love having new
ideas and starting projects, but getting
them to the finish line is the hard
part. Oh yeah, I see it all the time.
It's it's it's it's really hard and I
would even sometimes fail.
But for this one I
I wanted to continue but I also wanted
to rewrite it. Mhm.
So I I took the whole thing, I made one
huge markdown file, like I don't know,
1.5 megabyte
with all the files.
I dragged it into Gemini Studio
2.5 at the time.
I said write me a spec and then I like
those 400 lines spec. Then I dragged it
into Claude code and then I wrote build.
And then I I did other stuff on my main
screen. It was just like running on this
side screen for hours. It was it was
things were quite a bit rougher back
then.
And at one point it told me
I'm 100% production ready. You know,
like the the psychophantic uh Opus 3.5
or whatever it was.
And I tried it and it crashed. And then
I like to dop
um play right.
I think you're one of the few MCPs that
I would actually use.
And told it to like
build the login stuff. And check the
work along the way.
>> Yeah, it was something for Twitter.
And then 1 hour later it it actually
worked and it it showed me some stuff. I
mean, it was like the worst slop
but to me this was like the moment where
it really clicked cuz like
this is like just process-wise, I got
like goosebumps for like the
possibilities and that was kind of
moment where I couldn't really sleep
anymore. Yeah. Cuz but now then then
like my head exploded with all the
things that I I always wanted to build
that I just couldn't before and then I
just really went into the rabbit hole.
A lot of people have seen like OpenClaw
as an overnight success for you. But
what I love and I what I find
fascinating in your story is kind of how
it's a combination of so many projects
that you've been working on for the past
like 9 or 10 months, right? Like when
you look at your GitHub profile, there's
like 40 plus projects you've built. Um
Half of them I use in the project, yeah.
Yeah, and I think like many of those,
yeah, you you combine them all inside
OpenClaw. Yeah. Can you tell us more
about this journey? About like how all
of these ideas and projects
made their way to OpenClaw? I wish I
could say that I had the unified plan in
the beginning, but
a lot of it was just exploration and I
wanted things and those things didn't
exist and and I just yield them or let's
say I prompted them into existence. Why?
You know, it's like
Okay, let's build it. And then like
instead of just step by
>> by step just because I Yeah, I wanted my
agent to like do some stuff for me. I
still I didn't have that this this this
unified vision yet. I I had a
It's funny how it goes full circle cuz I
wanted to have something
that would look at for example my
WhatsApps.
And then I built I even got the domain
for that. I built a prototype.
But then I thought
Nah, all the big labs are going to build
it. Yeah, so I guess I just wait a
little bit. I focused on other stuff.
I just experimented a lot. I My mission
was kind of like to
have fun and inspire people.
And then by November I
I built a few versions of what I wanted,
but
nothing really good. And by November I
was like, why you still Why did no labs
still build any of that? You know, like
what the
what the heck are they doing?
And then I I built
the first version that became open
class. We are at name number five now.
Um
still didn't fully click for me. It was
like this is cool. Like
took like 1 hour to like build the first
prototype.
Cuz you just you just
yield things into existence now.
And then where it really clicked was
where I was at this weekend trip in
Marrakech and
I I found myself using it way more
because it was so convenient. You know,
like there was no there was no really
good internet. So, WhatsApp was WhatsApp
just works everywhere.
Um and it was just so convenient with
like I would pictures for for to
translate stuff to like find me
restaurants.
But also like look up stuff on my
computer. It was really cool. I showed
it to friends and I made it like send
text messages for me and and
they wanted you know, and I'm like
Yeah, you know, you shouldn't use it.
You don't get that. It's the These are
the These are the only signs
[clears throat] of like, you know, uh
product market fit. If your friends
already want what you have even though
you can never design that for them. It
was more like reserved for the technical
like peers that you have.
>> Yeah, and then when it really clicked
for me
was I used it so much and then somebody
I sent like a voice message.
And
and then I was like, wait, this
shouldn't work. Oh yeah, tell me more
about that story cuz I think we talked
about it the other day. That's
fascinating.
>> it showed me
how good those models are in problem
solving. You know, like we built these
things for a gen for attending
engineering.
But really the skill is like more
abstract. Like it's
if you want to be a really good coder,
you need to be a really good problem
solver and that just maps in any domain
really.
So, I I sent this voice message and the
typing indicator appeared and
and I'm like I'm very curious what
happens now. This is
I didn't build this. Can't work. And
then the model just replied to me and I
was like, how did you do that? You know,
it's just like
asked the model like how why this should
not work.
And the model was like, "Yeah, you sent
me a
a message, but it was just a file with
no file ending.
So, I just looked at the file header and
found that it's Opus, the the audio
codec. So, I used FFmpeg on my computer
to convert it.
And then I wanted to to transcribe it,
but it didn't have Whisper installed.
So, I found I looked around and I found
an OpenAI key.
And I used curl to just send the file to
OpenAI
and got the text back, and here I am.
This is incredible. I mean, like that's
the power of like giving tools and a
complete access to computer to these
like agents.
>> Yeah. And now they can just like
actually come up with the solutions
themselves, even though you never
programmed them at all. It's so funny
like I I told the story and then people
are like, "Oh my god, it just used your
key. Like, this is madness." I'm like,
"No. Like, I put it in the environment
exactly for that reason. If it's it's
kind of like a script that should access
my OpenAI key,
like my bot works in the same
in the same environment. Of course, it
should access my OpenAI key. Like, I put
it there for that reason. This is not
bad. This is exactly what I wanted."
Yeah. Yeah, that's that's where I had my
little
moment.
And then, every time I
I showed it to friends or I put them in
a little group chat,
uh and I like to be
to be frank, like this this thing is
designed for one-on-one communication,
right? So, if you put in a group chat,
pick someone that you trust.
>> Really trust, yes.
>> Yeah, because it was not designed for
Oh, let's just put it out there and it
will always do the right thing. You
know, it is your personal assistant.
Yeah, when I set it up, I was also very
intrigued. I was like, "This is a weird
setup." I'm like, "Where is this going
to take me?" Uh but I had to also a few
like aha moment where like the more
access you give it, the more tools and
skills you give it, the more impressed
you can become. You also give it like a
virtual skill, and then you ask it to
build a website or application even for
an event you want to host. Not only is
it building the app, it's also using
your open AI key to like make some AI
features into it. It's deploying it to
for sale. There's already a link you can
share with friends.
>> Yeah. It's a kind of like mind-blowing
step-up change versus just like, "Oh,
I'm augmenting myself to write code." So
like November and December, I was like
hooked on this and I
I mean, I I still do some other
projects, but like most of my time went
there.
But on on Twitter,
people wouldn't get it. And I was like,
I got very muted responses.
And I'm like, every time I showed it to
a friend, they wanted it. And I'm like,
"No, no, it's not ready yet, you know?"
So then I was like, "Okay, what's the
most insane thing I can do to like show
people how cool this is?" So I created a
Discord and just put my my bot in there
without any security because back then I
didn't even had sandboxing built in. It
was just very early. And I just worked
in the open. I basically built my open
claw with open claw and debugged it and
then
asked the model, it's like, "Oh, do you
see this tool call?" No, I see nothing.
It's like, "All right, check check your
own source code and and and and
and deleted a bunch of stuff." And
people saw it and then they understood.
And when you uh put it in Discord like
this, what kind of access did you give
it? Did you also give it like all your
tweets, for instance? Like what kind of
like knowledge did did it have about
you? Not all my tweets, too many. Um but
a lot of my memory stuff, yeah. So
I actually was monitoring it very
quickly because, yeah, prompt injection
is unsolved. But also, the latest
generation of models is really good.
So I have like
one canary,
my soul.md, that kind of defines
what are my values,
how do I want the model to
to work, to operate, to think, what's
important to me.
The secret. Yeah. And and people really
wanted that.
And then random people came in and tried
to like prompt inject to them paste it
like huge blocks of code and the model
was like,
"I'm not reading this." So
it was basically mocking them.
But
I was still not very confident, right?
So,
the first night was like got me a whole
lot of interest and then I I turned it
off.
Went to bed.
Slept like 10 hours.
Woke up. It was like 800 messages on on
on Discord. My agent was replying to
every single one. [laughter]
I freaked out. Like I
turned it off again. I read through
every single thing and
and then someone actually laughed
because it actually didn't it didn't do
anything malicious. It didn't manage to
get my soul out of the yacht. I'm not
saying this is I'm sure
public execution is possible.
But it's not as easy as people think.
>> Right. In the grand scheme of things, it
was actually performing the way you
wanted it to.
>> Yeah. My big mistake was I I disabled
it, but I forgot that I actually had a
launch demon. Mhm.
>> What what's the the main thing a launch
demon does? If the thing crashes or is
killed, it restarts it. Yeah. Cuz you
want a reliable service. And like Apple
built this to be a reliable service and
I I just didn't think about it. So, I
killed it and it restarted within 5
seconds while I went to sleep.
Now I know better. But now I'm also I
also put in sandboxing. So, he was so
proud that it it's in his Mac studio. He
calls it the castle. And then I put it
into a little little set container.
But you know, those models are so
creative. Like the first time I I I made
a
I made an Alpine Docker container and
there's like nothing in it. And I I I
told Nam to multi like, "Hey, can you
check out this website?" And then he
would like,
"There's not even curl.
There's nothing in here."
And I'm like, "Be creative."
So, it built it built um lobster curl.
Just by like
>> It's its own tool. It just built its own
its own curl by like using some some TCP
socket and like there was like a C
compiler and then it had like it built
like a crappy version of curl so it
could actually access the website. And
it worked. Crazy. So, I'm like those
things are so resourceful. It's
incredible. Yeah. You had some
challenges too like, you know, people
really like taking a look at the the
security issues potentially and
expecting you to have
everything so robust from day one
although you were just putting an open
source project out there. I always laugh
when people ask me like, "Oh yeah, can
you put me in with like
the CEO or human resources or some other
member of my team?" And I'm like,
"It's just me hacking from
my cave basically."
Um But like, but you that's where you
see the dissonance, right? This would
have not been possible
by
any human, any one human. Uh yes, I have
maintainers now and I get PRs.
But essentially, I built this. Yeah.
Even a year ago it wouldn't have been
possible. There is no model for like
something like this could be built by
one person. So, it's not even they don't
even consider that. Right. Yeah. Let's
actually touch on that. Like, I think on
your like productivity cuz I'm sure like
many developers must be wondering like,
"How is so productive?" And I was
looking at your GitHub again this
morning and I saw it's like 90,000
contribution on more than 120 projects
just this past year. But what's also
interesting is like, you know, the past
year started very white on the GitHub
activity graph and then light green and
then into fall around October November,
it's very dark green. Yeah. That's where
What happened?
I switched I switched to Go basically.
>> [laughter]
>> Like, uh
with every generation, they got better.
But it's not just that
the agents got better, the harness has
got better. Also, my understanding of
how to approach this and my workflow got
better. You know, there is these people
that they write software in the old way
and the old way is going to go away.
And they try
they call it vibe coding. I I think vibe
coding is a slur.
And then they try AI. But they don't
understand that it's a skill. Mhm. Like,
you like you you pick up the guitar,
you're not going to be good at the
guitar on the first day.
So,
they're going to have a bad experience
and then they're like, oh no, it's not
going to work. While if you approach it
more like playful,
it
you have to learn. You have to like
I have a gut feeling now for like which
prompt will
and how long it'll take. And if it takes
longer, I'll I reflect, oh maybe I made
a mistake, maybe my architecture is
wrong, my thinking was wrong, or maybe
something else. Just as with code, if
you if you if you write code and and you
have a feeling of oh, this is this
naturally goes into my architecture or
this is this is I'm fighting the the
system. And it just takes time. And so
if people want to become more like you,
uh what is your correct setup today? Cuz
I think you famously said like most
people over complicate their setup. I
mean, I also over complicated my setup,
but I call it the agentic trap.
From your first touch point in a new
technology to like becoming really a
effective,
a lot of people get stuck in there
trying to like super optimize their
setup. Doesn't really make you more
productive, but it feels like you're
more productive.
So,
like I put it in this one blog post, it
was also very controversial, but I just
talked to it. Like you just approach it
like a conversation. Like your model is
like your it's not really pair
programming.
It's something different, you know, it's
it's it's a conversation. I basically
tell what I want. I always ask the
model, do you have any questions? For
some reason like there's always
questions.
About the model by default is trained to
just solve your problem and then will
just make assumptions.
The default assumptions might not always
be the best ones. Especially you have to
remember it's trained with a lot of code
and also a lot of older code.
Do you have any questions like a very
important question. People don't realize
that the model usually starts with a
blank slate cuz they don't learn like
us. Like every new session is like I
know nothing about this code base and
I'll just search
and find the little things that you ask
me to and then
try to solve it. But they don't see
usually the whole picture. If you do
this properly, you have to have the full
picture in your head and you have to
like help the model a little bit
to motivate it to like look here, look
there
and Codex is just much better at
taking a broad look first. I used a very
a very basic approach. I don't even use
work trees. I just have
check out one to 10 basically. Keeping
it simple helps me to focus more on the
actual problem. So I don't even want to
deal with branches or work trees. I just
focus on different problems.
Ideally
the tickets easier if the project
becomes a little bit larger then you can
work on different things that don't
fight each other so much. You used Codex
a ton to build Open Claw. Um how has
Codex changed the way you work? Well, I
tried a lot of tools
and what I like about Codex is that
my trust in
it building what I want from all the
tools right now is the highest. And the
number of things that just work
is really high. And what I don't think
what people realize is that with GPT 5.2
it was again like a quantum leap in
terms of yeah, this will just work. I'm
still amazed how well this already
works. That's fantastic. We can just
build things. Uh this is pretty
incredible. Yeah, like people need to
give this a try. You famously said also
that like you're shipping code now that
you're not even reading. How has that
changed? Most code is boring. Like most
code just transforms one shape of data
into another shape of data and
eventually the user sees it or it goes
somewhere. So like on most most code it
writes I'm I have a pretty good
understanding of what it writes and it's
enough to like that I
I see the stream
uh and see that okay, like the mental
model I have in my head of what it
creates is approximately what it
creates. I was I led a team before,
right? I had a lot of software engineers
under me, and that also requires
accepting that they will not write
exactly the same code that I want.
In the end, you you should optimize a
code base so agents can do their best
work,
which is not always the same as humans
can do their best work.
>> Right. It also means accepting that
maybe the code is not exactly how I
would like it I would write it, and I I
could push the model towards that, but
oftentimes there's so many ways how we
can structure something that often it
doesn't matter. If it becomes a
performance problem, you just focus on
that, you make it better. And your point
that you just made on like you can have
like you the value of code and how you
approach code is also changing a lot how
you approach open source, right? Because
like I was looking at like open cloud,
you know how like 2,000 PRs open right
now.
>> Yeah, you're right. It's crazy.
Or before we had like AI, you know,
you would have to read all of these PRs
because there was value in the code
being created. But sometimes now you
refer to that as like not a pull
request, but a prompt request almost cuz
it's like more the idea or the intention
behind the PR that's more important than
the code itself. PRs like you sometimes
take me longer than if I would approach
it myself
>> Mhm.
because
my trust in the model not being
malicious is much higher than
an external contributor that I never
heard of before and where we had no
discussion before. So,
I have to scrutinize that a little bit
more.
But then if I see a PR my like I I start
to review and my first question to the
model is
do you understand the intent of the PR?
Because I don't really care about the
code, I care about what is that person
actually trying to solve? You know, it's
it's more like an issue with like a
here's my attempt of a solution.
But first of all, many many people still
don't really know how to yield the
agent. Mhm. And then often it's just a
very localized solution because they
they don't have the full system in their
head. The hard part is how does this
little new feature fit into my whole my
my bigger system or how does this little
fix Okay, this little fix fixes a tiny
thing, but is it even the right fix? Is
it Is it It's probably you often it's
like a more systemic
or an architecture issue. So, the model
is actually really good if you you just
have a conversation. And then and when I
say, "Okay, now build this." then it
will start to build this.
So, I asked the model, "What's the
What's the intent? Is that the most
optimal solution?"
Sometimes it says yes. Most often it
would say no.
Then I would start to explore what would
be the what would be the the best fix.
Is this like an architectural problem?
Is this something that is Let's say it's
a it's a problem in message handling.
Does this only affect WhatsApp or maybe
also, I don't know, Signal? Yeah.
So, so should we Should we solve this in
a more general way? Is this a new
feature? Do we even want a new feature?
Um So, sometimes this discussion go on
for like
10 15 minutes. I I use like voice
because it's literally like you you talk
to a very smart coworker. Easier to give
two kinds of a voice than like typing.
Yeah. When when I'm happy, then I I have
like one slash command like land PR
that explains the whole procedure right
to like actually
create a branch, do all the changes, and
get the PR merged. I
I wanted to create a community, so I I
tried to still
credit the person that created it even
though the whole thing takes me longer
than if it would just
write it all myself. Right. Um but I
appreciate that people
want to be part of this. What's your
vision for Open Core now going forward
with all of these contributors that are
kind of like surrounding the project?
And And do you see yourself as kind of a
trailblazer for this idea of like a what
a personal AI agent should look like so
that, you know, a billion people can one
day use something like that? Yeah.
I want to find a balance between
this
is something that my mom can install,
but also
this is something that's fun and
hackable, which is difficult.
You know, most of the source projects
you like download a package, but for the
longest time my default install was get
clone, build, run.
And then you literally have the source
code on disk and the agent sits in the
source code and is aware of the source
code. And if you don't like anything,
you you literally prompt the agent and
it would change itself. Mhm. Like
like actual self-modifying software.
So, there are a lot of people that never
sent me a PR sent me a PR.
That's also why it's more like a prompt
request because they just like the
understanding of how to build
software that lasts.
And at the same time, the whole world is
is
or the whole security industry is like
putting their eyes on it,
which has been interesting and also a
little bit
frustrating
cuz it it misses some nuance, right? For
example, the
the web server that I have, it's meant
for you initially I built it for
debugging and then I made it pretty,
but it's only meant to be accessible in
your network, in your trusted network.
But because it should also be like a
hacker's play a hacker's paradise,
there is an option how you can like
change that. Because like some people
have weird setups, maybe they use like
Angrok, maybe they use reverse proxies.
So, there is a reason why I didn't want
to like
limit that.
But now you have like people that put it
on the open internet even though I'm
screaming it's a secret document, please
don't do that. That's not
that's not what it's intended for. And
then I have the security people that
point out that oh yeah, it doesn't have
login limitations, you know, like it
doesn't have all these things that you
need when it's on the public internet.
I'm like, yeah, I didn't build it for
that
with that intention,
but because it is configurable, it
totally counts as a as a CVSS 10.
Uh so, yeah, I I
I I a little bit with that.
Uh but now
I I brought on actually a a security
expert.
That's the main focus. I
I realize I cannot stop people from
using it in ways it was not intended.
So, my my big focus now is to like
support all these use cases and help
people not shoot themselves in the foot.
Right. That's the beauty of open source.
People can embrace it and like come up
with ideas that you didn't even think
about.
>> Yeah, that's the beauty and the madness
of it.
>> Yeah.
Zooming out maybe for a second beyond
open cloud like I've talked to a bunch
of developers this week. Um, we knew you
were coming to the Kodak's Hackathon and
they told me like how many like how come
does like
Peter come up with all these great
ideas? Like how does Peter come up with
so much creativity? I don't know if you
have any answer to that or if it's more
like your own curiosity that you're
following. It's more like this
realization that
stuff's easy now. So, even if I find an
open source thing that maybe solves my
problem to 70% I'll just build it
myself. Which would have been absolutely
impossible a year ago even. And now it's
just like
I just prompted that it's on the second
screen and and code it works.
We're both from Europe. When I travel
outside of SF and I go back to Europe,
I'm sure you feel the same way like many
developers and engineers have not
embraced Kodak's and agentic tools just
yet. What would be your advice for them?
Like as they get started and like should
rethink the way they work and their
workflow. My first advice always is like
approach it in a playful way.
Build something that you always wanted
to build. I I'm If you're at least a
little bit of a builder, there has to be
something on the back of your mind that
you want to build.
Like just just play. You just have to
approach this this this thing playful.
Cuz like I think the Nvidia Nvidia CEO
said that in the near term you're not
going to replace by AI.
You're going to replace by someone who
uses AI.
>> Which is yeah, better than you, yeah.
But if your identity is I want to
I want to create things. I want to solve
problems. If you are high agency, if you
are smart, you will be more in demand
than ever. Yeah. Right such a great time
for builders who embrace these tools,
shape their curiosity, and really can
bring any ideas to life the exact same
way you've done with all of these great
projects and and Open Claw. I think in a
year this is going to this is going to
explode. Yeah. 2026 will be an
interesting one. I think it's a
fantastic way to end. Thank you so so
much, Peter, for your time.
Wonderful to spend time with you. We all
at Open AI love your work. We love
supporting builders like yourself. And
honestly, you're a true inspiration for
the broader developer community. Thanks
again, and we can't wait to see what
you're going to work on next.